`CosineWindow` StatePrep (#4683)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  [(#4620)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4620)
  [(#4632)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4632)

>   * `CosineWindow` has been added. Prepare the initial state following a cosine wave function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The `CosineWindow` template has been added to prepare an initial state based on a cosine wave function.
```

  [(#4620)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4620)
  [(#4632)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4632)

* `CosineWindow` has been added. Prepare the initial state following a cosine wave function.
  [(#4683)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4683)

> 

Reviewer 2: @KetpuntoG - not a blocker if things are tight with timing, but having a nice changelog entry with examples is very useful for the release.

Author: Okay, I should have time

Reviewer 2: Thanks!
